Add Prefect Server troubleshooting docs (#5120)
PrefectHQ/prefect: README.md

Once all components are running, you can view the UI by visiting [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080).

> **Tip:** Check our [troubleshooting guide](https://docs.prefect.io/orchestration/server/troubleshooting.html) if you run into trouble starting the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip:** Check our [troubleshooting guide](https://docs.prefect.io/orchestration/server/troubleshooting.html) if you run into any issues starting the server.
```
